First-Fit Allocation is a memory allocation technique used in operating systems to allocate memory to a process. In First-Fit, the operating system searches through the list of free blocks of memory, starting from the beginning of the list, until it finds a block that is large enough to accommodate the memory request from the process. Once a suitable block is found, the operating system splits the block into two parts: the portion that will be allocated to the process, and the remaining free block. Time complexity of First Fit algorithm is O(n*m), where n is the number of processes and m is the number of memory blocks.

Worst-Fit Memory Allocation technique, the process traverses the whole memory and always search for the largest hole/partition, and then the process is placed in that hole/partition. It is a slow process because it has to traverse the entire memory to search the largest hole. Time Complexity O(N*M)  where N is processSize length and M is blockSize length. 

Best-Fit Allocation is a memory allocation technique used in operating systems to allocate memory to a process. In Best-Fit, the operating system searches through the list of free blocks of memory to find the block that is closest in size to the memory request from the process. Once a suitable block is found, the operating system splits the block into two parts: the portion that will be allocated to the process, and the remaining free block. The time complexity of Best-Fit algorithm is O(n2) as it requires two loops to process the memory blocks and processes.
